*: add `tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval` (#16706)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

### tidb_low_resolution_tso

- Scope: SESSION

> - Persists to cluster: No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the low-precision TSO feature. After this feature is enabled, TiDB uses the cached timestamp to read data. The cached timestamp is updated every 2 seconds by default. Starting from v8.0.0, you can configure the update frequency by [`tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval-new-in-v800).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the low-precision TSO feature. After this feature is enabled, TiDB uses the cached timestamp to read data. The cached timestamp is updated every 2 seconds by default. Starting from v8.0.0, you can configure the update interval by [`tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval-new-in-v800).
```

- The main applicable scenario is to reduce the overhead of acquiring TSO for small read-only transactions when reading old data is acceptable.

### `tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>

- Scope：GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type：Integer
- Default value：`2000`
- Range：`[10, 60000]`
- Unit: Milliseconds

> - This variable is used to set the update frequency of the cached timestamp used in the low-precision TSO feature, in milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the update interval of the cached timestamp used in the low-precision TSO feature, in milliseconds.
```

> - Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Persists to cluster: 
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
```

- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the low precision TSO feature. After this feature is enabled, TiDB uses cached Timestamp to read data. The cached Timestamp is updated every 2 seconds by default. Starting from version v8.0.0, the update frequency can be configured by [`tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval-new-in-v800).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the low precision TSO feature. After this feature is enabled, TiDB uses the cached timestamp to read data. The cached timestamp is updated every 2 seconds by default. Starting from version v8.0.0, the update frequency can be configured by [`tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval-new-in-v800).
```

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the low precision TSO feature. After this feature is enabled, TiDB uses the cached timestamp to read data. The cached timestamp is updated every 2 seconds by default. Starting from version v8.0.0, the update frequency can be configured by [`tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval-new-in-v800).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the low-precision TSO feature. After this feature is enabled, TiDB uses the cached timestamp to read data. The cached timestamp is updated every 2 seconds by default. Starting from v8.0.0, you can configure the update frequency by [`tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval-new-in-v800).
```

- The main applicable scenario is to reduce the overhead of acquiring TSO for small read-only transactions when reading old data is acceptable.

### `tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>

> - Scope：GLOBAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope：GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: 
```

> - Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value) 控制：否

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value) : No
```

- Type：Integer
- Default value：`2000`
- Range：`[10, 60000]`
- Unit: Milliseconds

> - This variable is used to set the update frequency of the cached Timestamp used in the low-precision TSO feature, in milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the update frequency of the cached timestamp used in the low-precision TSO feature, in milliseconds.
```

> - This variable is only available in the [`tidb_low_resolution_tso`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is only available when [`tidb_low_resolution_tso`](#tidb_low_resolution_tso) is enabled.
```
